content
Representatives of the people took a vote on the floor of the United States Congress to say loudly and clearly:

Love is love. 
Right is right.
Justice is justice.
Thanks to the Inflation Reduction Act, out-of-pocket expenses for prescription drug prices will be capped at no more than $2,000 a year for Medicare recipients.
When hospitals and community centers are threatened and intimidated because they support LGBTQI+ children and families, we have to speak out. We must stop hate and violence.
The American people won.
Big Pharma lost.

Medicare will have the power to negotiate for lower prescription drug prices.
We are making the largest investment ever in combating the climate crisis through the Inflation Reduction Act.
We’re building an economy from the bottom up and the middle out. 

An economy with good jobs and good wages for the long run.
I had some MAJOR ANNOUNCEMENTS the last couple of weeks, too…

✔️ Inflation’s easing
✔️ I just signed the Respect for Marriage Act
✔️ We brought Brittney Griner home
✔️ Gas prices are lower than a year ago
✔️ 10,000 new high-paying jobs in Arizona
The Respect for Marriage Act is about being true to the best of the soul of America—decency, dignity, and love.
https://t.co/ftYi8vYR5R
Ten years ago, I said marriage is about a simple proposition: 

Who do you love? 
Will you be loyal to the person you love?

The Respect for Marriage Act recognizes that everyone should have the right to answer those questions for themselves, without government interference.
Starting January 1, seniors with diabetes on Medicare are going to pay no more than $35 a month for their insulin prescription. 

That's genuine savings for seniors. This matters to many families with loved ones who have diabetes and rely on insulin to survive.
Today is a good day. https://t.co/wOFfv6RUwX
Today, I signed the Respect for Marriage Act into law. 

We are reaffirming a fundamental truth: Love is love, and Americans should have the right to marry the person they love.
Some welcome news on the economic front. https://t.co/xii4FwC4Hf
The Respect for Marriage Act will safeguard the rights and protections to which LGBTQ+ and interracial couples and their children are entitled. 

It will also ensure that LGBTQ+ youth will grow up knowing that they can lead full, happy lives and build families of their own. https://t.co/pa9xQbNMKJ
For the first time since 1934, every single senator in a sitting president's party won reelection in a midterm—plus, Pennsylvania elected @JohnFetterman.

Looking forward to working together to deliver for the American people in the new year. https://t.co/mlZtXeDwJi
The “Butch-Lewis Act” in the American Rescue Plan allowed us to cover over 1,000 employers and 350,000 union workers and retirees facing benefit cuts of up to 60% starting in the next few years if we hadn’t acted.
The American Rescue Plan helped keep multi-employer pension plans for union workers and retirees solvent for decades to come. 

This week, we announced our plan to prevent drastic cuts to workers’ hard-earned pension benefits that were scheduled to occur in the next few years.
By including the “Butch-Lewis Act” in the American Rescue Plan, we shored up the pension plans for millions of union workers. It represents the most significant investment in pension security for union workers and retirees in the past 50 years.
The United States is a top destination for companies across the globe looking to make investments because we have a world-class, highly skilled, committed workforce.
We’re strengthening American manufacturing by creating 750,000 manufacturing jobs since I became president.
Georgia, today is Election Day—and the eyes of the nation are on you.

Head to the polls and help send @ReverendWarnock back to the U.S. Senate. https://t.co/1Y1bE3E02P
I was excited to join IBEW workers in Boston to phone bank for @ReverendWarnock.
We need all hands on deck to get out the vote. Join us: https://t.co/3LRrPRIikF https://t.co/nARa1WTYAs
Today, we learned that the economy added 263,000 jobs in November. 

We’ve now created 10.5 million jobs since I took office, the unemployment rate remains near a 50-year low, and wages for working families have gone up.
Today is the last day to vote early ahead of next Tuesday’s Georgia Senate runoff election.

Go vote for @ReverendWarnock who will continue fighting for you.
Link to my full letter to @TheDemocrats Rules and Bylaws Committee: https://t.co/VgkDuU5ljF
The Democratic Party has worked hard to reflect the diversity of America—but our nominating process does not. As @TheDemocrats' Rules and Bylaws Committee meets this week, here’s my letter on the principles I believe we as a party should allow to guide our process. https://t.co/qR4oVSC8tR
There is further evidence that my economic plan is working.

We learned that inflation moderated and incomes grew in October, following this week's news that our economy grew at an even stronger pace.

That's good news for the American people.
Republicans are pouring millions of dollars into the Georgia Senate runoff to defeat @ReverendWarnock.

But their efforts are no match for our grassroots team.

If you can, please consider donating to help reelect Senator Warnock.
https://t.co/iEofrmVbcz
Companies in every part of our country are expanding factories and building new ones to make electric vehicle batteries and chargers, which will create thousands of jobs in the process.
Georgia, if you haven’t voted early for @ReverendWarnock in the runoff: Don’t wait.

Confirm your polling place at https://t.co/1Y1bE3E02P now—then go vote. Let’s send him back to the U.S. Senate.
We’re building an economy that works for everybody. 

One that grows from the bottom up and the middle out, not the top down. https://t.co/nxjUVeoIqw
Georgia: Early voting is underway in the runoff, and we need your help to send @ReverendWarnock back to the U.S. Senate. 

Head to https://t.co/1Y1bE3E02P to make a plan to vote—then, remind your family and friends to make their plans to vote, too.
Folks, the work is not over—​​@ReverendWarnock is headed to a runoff.

That means the result of this election depends on what we do between now and December 6. 

Pitch in a grassroots donation to Senator Warnock’s campaign to help him win: 
https://t.co/N89CWmlCzo
Small businesses are vital to our communities and employ millions of Americans around the country. 

Today, and every day, support your neighbors and strengthen your community by shopping small. https://t.co/XX48b70I8v
Today and every day, we have so much to be grateful for. 

Happy Thanksgiving to our service members and military families whose loved ones are on duty and unable to be with their families. We hope your day is filled with joy and gratitude.
I was honored to pardon Chocolate and Chip, our national Thanksgiving turkeys. https://t.co/sNcaI6NEqj
The Respect for Marriage Act will ensure that LGBTQ+ and interracial couples are respected and protected equally under federal law. I urge Congress to quickly send this bill to my desk, where I will promptly sign it into law.
We've taken steps to lock in vital infrastructure investments—delivering lower costs for clean energy, spurring good-paying union jobs for American workers, and advancing environmental justice in our communities. 

We are proving that good climate policy is good economic policy.
Donald Trump failed America. https://t.co/fylyocYcse
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, the most significant federal investment in our nation’s infrastructure since Eisenhower’s Interstate Highway System.
One year after the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law was signed, it is already delivering progress on once-in-a-generation investments in our roads, bridges, clean water systems, high-speed internet access, and so much more.
The difference between talking and delivering. https://t.co/TC3X6H3nj0
In this year’s midterm elections, we saw the strength and resilience of American democracy in action. 

There was a strong rejection of political violence, voter intimidation, and election deniers at every level.

The American people proved—once again—democracy is who we are.
The American people overwhelmingly support our agenda:
